hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be sharing a very classic study with me
so at the moment I am at home during the
university strokes and today I wanted to
dedicate a good chunk of the day to
studying so I thought I would film it in
the morning I went on a run did an ab
workout and also wrote some of my book
for 30 minutes which is just a standard
way for me to start a day and then I lit
some candles of course because candles
are so so great for setting off
anaesthetic studies face so the first
thing I was doing here was answering
some questions from my approaches module
we are sent some preparation questions
every week and these ones were on gender
so I went through and answer the
questions that they had asked us to do
using the notes from the readings which
I had done the day before and also just
I wanted to do some context research at
the same time since we didn't have the
seminar obviously for this I watched a
few short documentaries on YouTube about
gender specifically this was just
looking for some some examples to
illustrate the difference between gender
and sex and how the discourse around
this has changed in the last 20 years so
I was using an example from 2000 and the
outlook in terms of how we respond to
gender was very different in 2002 how it
is when I'd finished with those
questions I did the readings for the
next week for criticisms which was on
queer theory and sexuality and there
were two readings for this which I had
to do there wasn't very much but I've
said before the approaches of readings
take me such a long time because I like
to make sure that I'm properly picking
apart everything as you can see my dad
keeps on coming in and talking to me so
I keep on getting distracted it was just
because there was something we needed to
sort out that day and so I kept my door
open and
he'd come in if he needed to then after
that I answered the sexuality questions
which have been said are in the same
format as the gender questions I use my
candle snuffer to put out my candles so
I could go downstairs downstairs I
decided to make some lunch
that work had taken me quite a long time
even though it doesn't look like it did
and I was making one of these bowl meals
for laughing Fuji night sleeve and it
was pretty good I don't I didn't like
the sultanas in it but other than that
it was delicious
and I had this with some rice cake and
hummus I decided to just wet downstairs
in the kitchen after that so I bought my
lunch and downstairs with me because I
love the aesthetic of it and the first
thing I was doing was just there was a
part of the sexuality readings which I
didn't really understand so I was doing
some extra research into this to make
sure that I was totally confident with
it
[Music]
and I was actually pretty hungry still
after lunch so I decided to toast up one
of these waffles
I basically batch made a load of these
waffles and then I froze them and these
are just delicious vegan quote unquote a
goes from the strains of things and this
is just a quick clip of me making them
the day before so I enjoyed that with
some Alper yogurt and at the same time I
did a mind map of issues surrounding
sexuality and discourse today I like to
use my maps just to think through my
thoughts and come up with original
thoughts and ways of approaching the
material then after that I quickly went
through a Quizlet on poetry terms which
I have made because I do need to make
sure I know all these for our May exams
and then I did that week's readings from
the poetry Norton Anthology so every
week we have to read a set of poems set
by our lecturer and they're all in this
anthology this takes a pretty long time
because I like to properly analyze all
of these and I like to read them aloud
too because poetry is best enjoyed
orally I believe and I am sad six poems
which are compulsory six poems which are
further reading and then a further few
poems from my laptop and I just mark in
red with highlighter the poems I would
really enjoy that I find so I can come
back to them later so that took maybe
two hours when I'd finished with that I
did get myself something else to eat I
decided to make this brain smoothie and
that's what I call it it's basically
just packed with nutrients basta was
doing this I was watching one of the
lectures luckily our lecturers have put
up last year's lectures for us to watch
on catcher I also went through a
presentation on metaphors which one of
my seminar leaders had sent through went
through that did some extra research to
subsidize it and then this happened I'm
now outside and that's because I heard a
door slam upstairs and I was home alone
and I thought someone was in the house
say I ran out of bank with
it was the wind mother left her window
open and so thankfully everything was
okay they've been found back inside so
then after that I watched this other
lecture on recap this one was for the
novel and it's the contacts lecture on
for the waves so I went through that
watch that it was really interesting I'm
really enjoying reading the waves by
Virginia Woolf at the moment then I just
washed up all the things I DS and as you
can see I couldn't guess the lid of the
new two bullets my dad helped me get it
off later then I went up to my room
and I wanted to read some more of the
waves so I sat in bed to do this because
it just seemed very cozy and I don't
usually do this there's something lovely
about coming up with
good book and so that's what I decided
to do today and it was actually so say
lovely I really enjoyed it
I also love this beautiful edition of
the waves that I bought I believe this
is a penguin one and I just think it's
beautiful
[Music]
so then after that it was maybe five
o'clock and I didn't do any studying for
a few hours I did some filming outside
and went outside with the dogs for a bit
to spent some time with them spent some
time with my family and then after
dinner I just did a tiny bit more work
and here I was writing up some notes for
the waves because everything I did today
I hope that you enjoyed this quick study
with me and I hope that you have a
productive week